Feat: add windows `os.build` attribute to host fingerprint (#17576)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/runtime/interpolation.mdx

| `${attr.platform.aws.placement.availability-zone}` | Availability Zone of the client (if on AWS EC2)                                                                                                        |
| `${attr.os.name}`                                  | Operating system of the client (e.g. `ubuntu`, `windows`, `darwin`)                                                                                    |
| `${attr.os.version}`                               | Version of the client OS                                                                                                                               |

> | `${attr.os.build}`                                 | Build number for only Windows OS (e.g `14393.5501`)                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: A little more consistency with the other attributes:

```suggestion
| `${attr.os.build}`                                 | Build number (e.g `14393.5501`) of the client OS (if on Windows)                                                                                                                          
|
```
